# Assignment 5 - Evaluating Environmental Impact of Your Exam Portfolio
*By Sofie Mosegaard, 03-05-2024*

In the lecture and code along session, we were introduced to CodeCarbon which allows to track the impact of our code in various different ways. The main contribution of this package is that we end up with an approximate value for CO₂ emissions expressed as kilograms of CO₂-equivalent (CO₂eq).

Which leads us to ask - how much of an environmental impact has your work in Cultural Data Science had this semester?

For this assignment, I want you to go back to **all four** of previous assignments in *Language Analytics*. For each assignment, I want you to use CodeCarbone to measure the environmental impact of your code in terms of CO₂eq. You should specifically address the following questions:

- Which assignment generated the most emissions in terms of CO₂eq? Explain why this might be.
- Which specific tasks generated the most emissions in terms of CO₂eq? Again, explain why this might be.
- How robust do you think these results are and how/where might they be improved? 

Your final repository should contain CSV files generated by CodeCarbon, as well as any code used to generate visualizations/plots of the data (see Additional Comments below).

## Starter code and data

All of the relevant code for this assignment is in either your own assignments, the CodeCarbon documentation, or the notebook for today.

## Some notes

- Think carefully about how you want to measure emissions with CodeCarbon. Do you want a single metric for the whole script, or a number of sub-tasks? Make sure to justify your reasons.

## Additional comments

Since the code is already writtten for your previous assignments, it is not necessary to include them in this repository. What is more important are the actual results, along with your interpretation of them. You are free to present these results in whatever way you see fit.

For this assignment - and this assignment **only** - it is therefore acceptable for to submit a notebook which contains the code for generating visualizations from CSV files. However, your notebook **must** be clearly written with adequate documetation and explanatory markdown cells.


## Learning bjectives

This assignment is designed to test that you can:

1. Think critically about the environmental impact of machine learning
2. Write code which provides approximate benchmarks demonstrating this environmental impact
3. Present results in a coherent, clear, and understandable way.



----

HUSK: kan ikke køre "fuld" på samme tid som "task"
- kør derfor individuelle sub tasks og bare sum dem op, så jeg kan få det fulde resultat også

husk at skriv mine overvejelser og de limitations, der er ved mine valg

plot de forskellige assignments udledning

har kørt tracker på hele assignment 1, da det er en simpel task og koden er i et loop, der loader andre ind, som en pipeline

i assignment 3 skal den ikke loop igennem alt data, men kun for den artist, man vælger. Derfor er den lettere end de andre, hvor alt dataen skal behandles.